# Kelp Commons License

Copyright (c) Go Make Things, LLC.

This software is licensed under a [Fair-Code license](https://faircode.io). By using the software, you agree 
to all of the terms and conditions below.

For all third party components incorporated into the Software, those components are licensed under the 
original license provided by the owner of the applicable component.


## Copyright License

The licensor grants you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license
to use, copy, distribute, make available, and prepare derivative works of the software, in each case subject
to the limitations below.


## Limitations

1. You may use or modify the software only for your own internal business purposes or for non-commercial or
   personal use. 

2. You may distribute the software or provide it to others only if you do so free of charge for
   non-commercial purposes. 

3. You may not alter, remove, or obscure any licensing, copyright, or other notices of the licensor in the
   software. Any use of the licensor's trademarks is subject to applicable law.


## Disallowed Uses

The software maybe not be used for the following purposes:

1. Projects that contain misinformation, hate speech or discriminating content based on age, gender, gender 
   identity, race, sexuality, religion, nationality, serious illnesses or disabilities, no matter who authored 
   this content. Misinformation is defined as content that is false or misleading and may lead to significant 
   risk of physical or societal harm.

2. Use by companies or individuals who:
	- lobby for, promote, derive a majority of income from, or are significantly invested in:
		+ the production of tobacco or weapons,
		+ any prison or jail operated for profit,
		+ any action or facility that supports or contributes to gambling, adversely addictive behaviors, 
			or deforestation.
	- lobby against or derive a majority of income from actions that discourage or frustrate:
		+ peace,
		+ access to the rights set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the 
			Convention on the Rights of the Child,
		+ peaceful assembly and association (including worker associations),
		+ a safe environment or action to curtail the use of fossil fuels or to prevent climate change or
		+ democratic processes.


## Patents

The licensor grants you a license, under any patent claims the licensor can license, or becomes able to
license, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and have imported the software, in each case
subject to the limitations and conditions in this license. This license does not cover any patent claims that
you cause to be infringed by modifications or additions to the software. If you or your company make any
written claim that the software infringes or contributes to infringement of any patent, your patent license
for the software granted under these terms ends immediately. If your company makes such a claim, your patent
license ends immediately for work on behalf of your company.


## Notices

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the software from you also gets a copy of these
terms. If you modify the software, you must include in any modified copies of the software a prominent notice
stating that you have modified the software.


## No Other Rights

These terms do not imply any licenses other than those expressly granted in these terms.


## Termination

If you use the software in violation of these terms, such use is not licensed, and your license will
automatically terminate. If the licensor provides you with a notice of your violation, and you cease all
violation of this license no later than 30 days after you receive that notice, your license will be reinstated
retroactively. However, if you violate these terms after such reinstatement, any additional violation of these
terms will cause your license to terminate automatically and permanently.


## No Liability

As far as the law allows, the software comes as is, without any warranty or condition, and the licensor will
not be liable to you for any damages arising out of these terms or the use or nature of the software, under
any kind of legal claim.


## Definitions

The "licensor" is the entity offering these terms.

The "software" is the software the licensor makes available under these terms, including any portion of it.

"You" refers to the individual or entity agreeing to these terms.

"Your company" is any legal entity, sole proprietorship, or other kind of organization that you work for, plus
all organizations that have control over, are under the control of, or are under common control with that
organization. Control means ownership of substantially all the assets of an entity, or the power to direct its
management and policies by vote, contract, or otherwise. Control can be direct or indirect.

"Your license" is the license granted to you for the software under these terms.

"Use" means anything you do with the software requiring your license.

"Trademark" means trademarks, service marks, and similar rights.